---
title: September 2024 Newsletter
date: 2024-09-09T16:13:21Z
type: newsletter
author: bakerag
---

Welcome to the fall, the night is coming sooner and the beers are getting
darker. We said goodbye to summer in grand fashion at Labor Daze in Williams. 
Three brewers had 7 beers on tap at the WRBC tent, they were all delicious and
well received by the crowd. We weren't able to win the crowd favorite, but we
were very competitive in the voting. We did a fair amount of merch sales and
made great connections for future club and brewery collabs. We may have even
recruited a new member or two. Mark your calendar for next year.

Summer is the busy season, but we're not really slowing down as we move into fall.
This month's meeting has a pressure fermentation ed topic, and a Märzen gauntlet.
On the 21st we're doing highway cleanup, then going to Wren House for the Oktoberfest
celebrations. Then the next weekend on the 28th, we have our own 2nd annual Oktoberfest.
Going into November we're having a learn to brew day at Wren House, and thinking about
planning a Thanksgiving bottle share. Then don't forget the holiday party will be here
before we know it!

The board has started planning for next year, we have about half of the gauntlets decided
and will plan the rest next month after feedback from the club at the next meeting, so start
thinking about what you want to brew next year. So far we have: English Brown, Red IPA, Oatmeal
Stout, (Lazy G styles TBD), Flower-Infused, Belgian Blond, Session (for the campout). I added a
page to the website for [previous gauntlets](/brewer-of-the-year/gauntlets/) if you're interested.