---
title: November 2024 Newsletter
date: 2024-11-11T16:13:21Z
type: newsletter
author: bakerag
---

The leaves and beer are turning brown as we move into the colder months. We're having a
[highway cleanup](/events/2024-11-highway-cleanup/) this saturday to get a clean slate before
the snow hits, hope to see you there. We have one more [general meeting](/events/2024-11-general-meeting/)
this year and you don't want to miss it. We're having our annual election and it's in-person
voting only. We're also doing an acetaldehyde spike tasting and education topic, another common
off-flavor. Finally, we're holding a Belgian Dubbel gauntlet.

The competition results rolled in for National Homebrew Competition, Copper State Classic, and
Mazer Cup. Whiskey Row Brew Club didn't get any NHC medals, but it was an honor to have entries.
At Copper State Classic, Susan got a gold and a silver, while Andrew got a bronze. At the Mazer Cup
(not part of the Brew of the Year schedule) Susan grabbed a second place, this is probably the largest
mead competition in the world, so it's quite an accomplishment!

Our famous [Holiday Party](/events/2024-12-holiday-party/) is coming soon! We're bringing back all the
hits: ugly sweater competition; raffle; silent auction; pot-luck. The gauntlet this year is wide open,
so it will hopefully have a ton of entries again. Be sure to get there close to the start to get your
vote in. Follow the link above for more details and the RSVP link, RSVP's help us be better prepared
for the event, so please don't skip it.