---
title: November 2025 Newsletter 
date: 2025-11-11T14:40:50-0700
type: newsletter
---

We're having some really nice days lately, hopefully you're all whipping up some great homebrew! 

We had a great turnout for the Women's Brew Day, unfortunately no one entered the horse and goat raffle, but there's still a New Zealand IPA ready for sampling at this month's meeting! We also had a Learn to Brew Day brew out at Wren House, this was our biggest event so far this year, with 15 members and maybe 5 interested people asking about the club and how to get started brewing!

We're having another [highway cleanup](../../events/2025/2025-11-highway-cleanup) on 11/15, 11 am at the Old Stage Stop, we'll cancel if they don't mow before then, so watch for the email.

Our next big event is the annual holiday party! We already have some killer raffle items and games lined up, of course we'll have the white elephant exchange as well. Date and location are not set in stone, but we're planning on 12/20. The gauntlet will be best of show again (no style constraints), so we should have a ton of entries. More details coming soon!

This next meeting is our annual election and we're introducing new surveys to help make the club as good as possible. We'll have two surveys, one will be online and will be just for new members going forward, the other is for everyone and will be anonymous. We promise it won't be too painful, just a few questions! We'll have golf pencils available, but you might want to bring something more comfortable to write with.

[Mile High Beer Project](https://www.milehighbeer.com/) is coming very soon from our own John and Shelley, be sure to follow them and watch for emails about the opening!