---
title: October 2025 Newsletter 
date: 2025-10-07
type: newsletter
---

Summer is officially over, break out your sweaters and amber beers! 

The Gannons hosted another fabulous Oktoberfest, the sky threatened rain, but instead we just had a beautiful shady day. Taps flowed with German lagers and IPA. The grill was full of brats and onions, the table was full of desserts and snacks.

In two weeks we hope to see all of you at the [Women's brew day](../events/2025-10-19-womens-brew-day/), some are calling it the most important event of the year! It's been a couple of years since the last one, but it was a great time. New Zealand IPA will be brewed and there should be plenty of homebrew to enjoy.

Board elections are coming up soon, members can run for any position, and we have open positions for Education, Treasurer, Membership, and At-large. Please look at the [WRBC Bylaws](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bf0mBLPSDuP2AWut6IsTMrcbiL_ZzH-OjbwJO__aKVE/preview?tab=t.0) for what these roles entail. Nominations can be made by [email](mailto:whiskeyrowbrewclub@gmail.com) by November 1, copy another member and the nominee in order to second and accept the nomination. Or nominations can be made at the [October meeting](../events/2025-10-gm/). This is a great way to get more involved in the club!

[Learn to Homebrew Day](https://homebrewersassociation.org/aha-events/learn-to-homebrew-day/) is coming November 1 and we're have a [brewout](../events/2025-11_Learn-to-Homebrew/) at Wren House Prairie Patio. This is always a fun event, even when the weather disagrees. We're hoping to have some of our Mountaintop Masher friends there to join the fun as well. We still have opening for brewers to set up, and if you want to partner with someone let us know and we'll find a brewer for you!

Happy Brewing!